To fine-tune the output latency in your Kafka Streams application, you can adjust various configuration parameters related to processing, buffering, and commit intervals. Here are some recommendations:

Processing Guarantees:

Kafka Streams provides two processing guarantees: "at least once" and "exactly once". "Exactly once" processing may introduce higher latency due to additional processing overhead. Ensure that you're using 
the appropriate processing guarantee based on your requirements.

Commit Interval:

Configure the commit.interval.ms property to specify how frequently Kafka Streams commits its processing progress. Lowering this value can reduce latency but may increase the number of commits, 
potentially impacting performance.

Cache Size:

Kafka Streams uses an internal record cache to buffer records during processing. Adjust the cache size using the cache.max.bytes.buffering and cache.max.ms.buffering properties. Increasing the cache 
size can reduce the frequency of disk writes, improving latency.

Thread Pools:

Kafka Streams uses multiple threads for parallel processing. Tune the number of threads and thread pools using properties like num.stream.threads, num.streams.threads.per.processor, and thread.pool.size. 
Optimizing thread pool configurations can help distribute workload efficiently and reduce processing latency.

State Store Configuration:

If your application relies heavily on state stores, optimize their configuration for memory and performance. Adjust properties such as rocksdb.block.cache.size, state.cleanup.delay.ms, and state.dir.

Serde Configuration:

Ensure that you're using efficient serialization and deserialization (Serde) configurations. Choose appropriate Serde implementations and configurations based on your data types and performance requirements.

Monitoring and Profiling:

Monitor your Kafka Streams application using metrics and profiling tools to identify performance bottlenecks. Analyze CPU, memory, disk, and network usage to optimize resource utilization and reduce latency.
Here's an example of how you can adjust the commit interval and cache size in your Kafka Streams application:

config.put(StreamsConfig.COMMIT_INTERVAL_MS_CONFIG, 1000); // Commit every 1 second
config.put(StreamsConfig.CACHE_MAX_BYTES_BUFFERING_CONFIG, 10 * 1024 * 1024); // 10 MB cache size


