Combining two Kafka Streams from separate instances can be achieved using the Kafka Streams DSL by leveraging the 
KStream#through() method and Kafka topics as intermediate connectors. This approach allows you to bridge the gap 
between two separate Kafka Streams applications.

Here are the steps to combine two streams from two separate Kafka Streams instances:

Create Two Kafka Streams Instances: Ensure you have two separate Kafka Streams instances, each processing its own 
input data and producing its own output to Kafka topics.

Define Intermediate Topics: You need to define intermediate Kafka topics to connect the two streams. These topics 
will be used to pass data between the two instances. You can create these topics manually or configure them to be 
auto-created by Kafka.

Send Data from the First Instance to Intermediate Topic: In the first Kafka Streams instance, send the processed data 
to the intermediate topic using the to() or through() method.


KStream<String, String> firstStream = builder.stream("input-topic-1");
// Process data in the first stream
firstStream.mapValues(value -> /* processing logic */)
           .to("intermediate-topic");
Send Data from the Second Instance to Intermediate Topic: In the second Kafka Streams instance, similarly, send the 
processed data to the same intermediate topic.


KStream<String, String> secondStream = builder.stream("input-topic-2");
// Process data in the second stream
secondStream.mapValues(value -> /* processing logic */)
            .to("intermediate-topic");
Consume Data from the Intermediate Topic in Both Instances: Now, in both Kafka Streams instances, create a new 
stream that consumes data from the same intermediate topic.

KStream<String, String> intermediateStream = builder.stream("intermediate-topic");
// Perform any further processing on the intermediate stream
Continue Processing: You can continue processing the intermediateStream as needed. You now have data from both separate 
instances combined into a single stream.

Send the Combined Output to an Output Topic: If you want to produce the combined data to an output topic, you can use the 
to() method again in either of the instances.

intermediateStream.to("output-topic");

Start the Kafka Streams Instances: Start both Kafka Streams instances, and they will process the data and combine it 
using the intermediate topic.

Remember to configure Kafka properties, such as bootstrap servers, application IDs, and Serde configurations, correctly 
in both instances to ensure proper connectivity and serialization/deserialization of data.

By following these steps, you can combine two Kafka Streams from separate instances by using intermediate Kafka topics 
as connectors to pass data between them. This allows you to scale your Kafka Streams processing across multiple instances 
while still being able to merge and process the data together.
